Silly girl
this is not your world!
this is not your show!
So please eclipse
and disappear from my street!
Silly girl
you would need humor
certainly you have a lot of imagination!
but this is not your dream:
it's music, not a TV show!
You should stop!
look at yourself ...
and think ...
"Who I am?"
But in the meantime,
I believe that...
I'll denounce you!
Silly girl
don't be sad today ...
Tomorrow, I'm sure,
you will sing "Heidy"!
but now look at the stars:
they say you will work in a coffee bar!
You should stop
Look at yourself
And to think, "Who am I?"
But in the meantime,
I believe that....
I'll denounce you!
Why
we think that music
be the most beautiful thing in our life!
Instead you ...
you think it's like a TV show
Where everything is a game!
Why
we think that music
be the most beautiful thing in our life ...
Instead you ...
you think it's like a TV show
Where everything is a game!
Music was our dream
And now we don't want to put our feet on the ground anymore!
But before leaving
We think that...
... WE WILL DENOUNCE YOU!